Zootopia Theater: The Great Donut Heist

🎭 Character List:

• Chief Bogo

• Officer Judy

• Officer Nick

[Scene Start]

(Location: Chief Bogo's Office. Bogo is looking at his empty desk, looking very shocked.)

Chief Bogo: (Hits the table loudly) Hopps! Wilde! Get in here right now! I have a Code Red emergency!

Judy: (Jumps up and stands straight) We are ready, Chief Bogo! What is the emergency? Is it a bank robbery? A missing animal?

Nick: (Yawns slowly and puts hands in pockets) Relax, Carrots. Let me guess, Chief... someone stole your favorite pen?

Chief Bogo: Worse, Wilde! Much worse! Someone entered my office and stole my secret box of pink strawberry donuts! I am absolutely furious!

Judy: (Gasps, looks surprised) Donut theft? That is a terrible crime! Don't worry, Chief. We are the best detectives. We will find the thief!

Nick: (Rolls his eyes) Really? We are investigating missing donuts now? This is completely ridiculous. I thought we were serious police officers.

Chief Bogo: (Points a finger at Nick) Silence, Wilde! This is highly serious! Those donuts were imported and very expensive! Find them immediately, or you are both fired!

Judy: (Takes out a magnifying glass / 假装拿放大镜看向地面) Wait a minute... everyone, look down there! I see some pink sugar on the floor. It's a trail of footprints!

Nick: (Looks down, sounding impressed) Wow, you are actually right, Carrots. You are very observant today. And look at the shape... these footprints are massive.

Judy: Exactly! And the pink sugar goes out of the door, down the hall, and stops... right in front of Officer Clawhauser's desk!

Chief Bogo: (Slaps his own forehead) Clawhauser?! The fat cheetah? I should have known! He is obsessed with donuts!

Nick: (Smiles a cool smile) Well, that was a very challenging mystery. Case closed. Now, since we solved the crime so quickly, can we go get some ice cream?

Judy: (Jumps happily) Oh, yes please! That is an excellent idea!

Nick: But... Chief Bogo is paying. Because we saved his life.

Chief Bogo: (Takes a deep breath and shouts) Get out of my office!!!

[Scene End] 
